{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Eric}
{\*\company Microsoft}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14060\viewh17640\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb360\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Data
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Abstract
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 The data used in our paper is a record of property sales in the city of New York for the 2015 year. The files include the sale price, square footage, address, tax and building class of each sold property.  We downloaded this data on February 2, 2020. 
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Availability
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 There are no restrictions on the data. It is freely and publicly available from the City of New York.
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 The data used in our paper is a record of property sales in the city of New York. The data are published on an annualized basis at https://www1.nyc.gov/site/finance/taxes/property-annualized-sales-update.page.  The files include the sale price, square footage, address, tax and building class of each sold property.  They are available either in PDF or Microsoft Excel format. In the paper we used the 2015 data in Excel format.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb360\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 Code
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Abstract
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Julia code and jupyter notebooks are available on github.
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 The code is provided as a julia package, freely available at https://github.com/maximerischard/GeoRDD.jl. The package contains source files in julia, and jupyter notebooks.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Optional Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 The sofware requirements are:\
- the julia programming language, version 1, available from julialang.org ;\
- various julia packages as listed in the Project.toml file of the code repository. The exact package versions used in the analysis are listed in the Manifest.toml, and will automatically be downloaded and installed when executing the first cell of every notebook available in the github repository.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb360\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Instructions for Use
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 Reproducibility
\f3 \

\f1\b0 The code for every figure in the manuscript and supplementary materials is available in a jupyter notebook in the github repository. The README file contains a list of figures and which notebook creates it. Table 2, S-4 and S-5 are reproduced in the \'93NYC_analysis\'94 notebook, Table S-2 is reproduced in the \'93Wiggly Boundaries\'94 notebook, and Table S-3 is reproduced in the \'93Mississippi_sharp_null_sims\'94 notebook.\
\

\f2\b Replication
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 The README file and the SimulatedExample notebook provide a short example using simulated data of how to use the software.}